README.md, before:

yeoman-foundation
=================

This is a [yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator that scaffolds out a project using [Zurb Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com) by default, expanding on yeoman's `quickstart` generator.  This generator will install *Zurb Foundation*, *jQuery*, *Backbone.js*, *Underscore.js*, and *Require.js*.

## Requirements

You will need the `zurb-foundation` compass gem installed. Visit the [foundation documentation](http://foundation.zurb.com/docs/compass.php) for detailed directions on installation.  If you already have your ruby environment setup, all you need to do for installation is:

`[sudo] gem install zurb-foundation`

## Installation

You can install this generator globally via npm:

`[sudo] npm install -g yeoman-foundation`

I have only tested this on Mac OS X, but it should work on Windows and Linux. During a global npm install, the generator will get copied over to your global yeoman generator path:

`/usr/local/lib/node_modules/yeoman/node_modules/yeoman-generators/lib/generators/foundation/`

## Usage

After copying to your global generator location, use:

`yeoman init foundation` 

to generate the basic scaffolding for a foundation based project.

This generator provides a scaffold that uses require.js to load javascript modules. After generating the project scaffolding a [node child_process](http://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_child_process_spawn_command_args_options) will run to install jQuery, Backbone, and Require.js along with any dependencies.  This child process is running 
`yeoman install jquery backbone requirejs --save`
so you don't have to after.

Note: There is a bug in Yeoman 0.9.6 that is preventing the `--save` argument from adding files to `component.json`.  If you would like your components saved in there, run: 
`bower install jquery backbone requirejs --save`
to add them.

Commit message:

Update installation script and create uninstall script
The installation script now checks for a previously linked copy of
yeoman-foundation.  If the symlinked foundation directory exists in the
global yeoman generators directory, it will be unlinked and then a new
symlink will be created (not sure if the unlink then relink step is
really necessary for symbolic links but it won't hurt).

An uninstall script has been created to clean up after itself if a user
decides to uninstall this package.  `package.json` now has a entry for
`uninstall` that will run `uninstall.js` when a user uninstalls via
`[sudo] npm uninstall -g yeoman-foundation`.  `uninstall.js` simply
removes the symlink in the global yeoman generators directory before
the package is uninstalled (see: https://npmjs.org/doc/scripts.html)

README.md, after:

yeoman-foundation
=================

This is a [yeoman](http://yeoman.io) generator that scaffolds out a project using [Zurb Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com) by default, expanding on yeoman's `quickstart` generator.  This generator will install *Zurb Foundation*, *jQuery*, *Backbone.js*, *Underscore.js*, and *Require.js*.

## Requirements

You will need the `zurb-foundation` compass gem installed. Visit the [foundation documentation](http://foundation.zurb.com/docs/compass.php) for detailed directions on installation.  If you already have your ruby environment setup, all you need to do for installation is:

`[sudo] gem install zurb-foundation`

## Installation

You can install this generator globally via npm:

`[sudo] npm install -g yeoman-foundation`

I have only tested this on Mac OS X, but it should work in Windows and other *nix environments. During a global npm install, the generator will get installed in your global `node_modules` directory, while a symlink to the foundation generator will be created in your global yeoman generators directory:

`/usr/local/lib/node_modules/yeoman/node_modules/yeoman-generators/lib/generators/foundation/`

## Usage

After copying to your global generator location, use:

`yeoman init foundation` 

to generate the basic scaffolding for a foundation based project.

This generator provides a scaffold that uses require.js to load javascript modules. After generating the project scaffolding a [node child_process](http://nodejs.org/api/child_process.html#child_process_child_process_spawn_command_args_options) will run to install jQuery, Backbone, and Require.js along with any dependencies.  This child process is running 
`yeoman install jquery backbone requirejs --save`
so you don't have to after.

Note: There is a bug in Yeoman 0.9.6 that is preventing the `--save` argument from adding files to `component.json`.  If you would like your components saved in there, run: 
`bower install jquery backbone requirejs --save`
to add them.
